so my little guest rolls you all think
you know what a pig is don't you Oh
Richard sorry come I am talking to the
punters all right if you mind looking at
me thank you very much
right today we are talking about pigs I
bet you there's not one in ten of you
that knows what a real pig is because
you accept the real rubbish that the
breeders of they're injected bloated
plastic style factory made pigs passed
off as pork come back down here Richard
I have got a real piece of pig look at
that thick fat there look at that little
line of gristle under there which makes
the crackly look very close here this is
still rough you could sandpaper the
windows edges with this and that would
make the must of the salt and things
stick on there to get the crack when a
proper resort that you want but as I
said most of you are such fools you put
up with the rubbish of supermarkets
hypermarkets and pig breeders you don't
realize it like here on heals farm in
devon you can get fabulous pig hey
enough of that that's my little lesson
my lecture we're now going to cook it
but before I cook this is very hot the
mics have been burning on the old
morning a sip of cider from a field
right outside this kitchen window and
here's an interesting thing about this
dish not only is it simple to make of
pork but come and look at the
ingredients because it's significant
they all come from the same field the
pig lives off the apples which
incidentally I've turned into a smooth
apple puree there by the way in this in
adjoining field was a car from which
they made the milk from which they made
the cream the apples were also turned
into cider the only foreign thing here
is that we couldn't make it ourselves
it's against the law which is still
supposed to make some Calvinists then we
have butter also from the farm foreign
salt and pepper right that's it come on
over here please
this is a frying pan this is for
Richards benefit he's our new cameraman
he's come right into the pan a little
bit of pork notice the pan is hot
already as I only steal it quickly on
both sides because this is a real pig
that hasn't been fed on additives and
alleged nutriments and things
that's going to be tender and very very
delicious that's too hot nurse please
put that over there and let that cook
away for a while
great so you see the pork is nicely
cooked now we had a little drop of
Calvados push it over onto the hotter of
the two gases immediately lift out the
pork because that is lightly undercooked
whether it's crunchy on the outside we
don't want it to stew in this liquid
then a bit of cider into the Calvados
meat drippings stirred like that and now
using the magical Richard could you come
to me a secondly using those magical
mixes we have on television the next
time you see this the sauce were reduced
five minutes would have gone by and the
dish will be continued perfect isn't it
so today see that reduced to almost a
syrupy consistency now the Calvados from
the cider in we put a spoonful I should
think of this beautiful apple puree stir
that in when do the juices at the same
time pour in this lovely Devon double
cream stir I test for seasoning oh ah
come here Richard that is absolutely
Brit I'm really sorry but none of you
are going to get to taste this you'll
have to take my word for it fantastic
over to the plate over the plate
beautifully liaised pour that gently
over like that and there you have a dish
this is called pork Normand in fact we
shall call this pork heel farm style
because it's all the wonderful
ingredients of the Calvados countryside
in northern France you can find here in
devon and since i'm such a brilliant
cook first-class ingredients there it is
pork heel farm style